Hi there.
Congratulations on making it to the end of the Course.
This is the final lecture except for the bonus one that comes after it.
And this is to basically wrap up and say well done for getting through this.
This was pretty advanced content.
I'm really happy that you made it through and that you've been engaging and you've done lots of stuff
but this isn't the end of your multiplayer journey.
Oh no no.
All I've done is given you the tools to go on exploring.
Now it's your turn to go off and start creating your own projects of your own devising.
And if that's a little bit scary maybe you just want to go back to this project and go on improving
things maybe you'll take some of the synchronization stuff and take it and impart apply it to the previous
project that's a great way to start reapplying your skills.
And another good way to go about this is just to create your own project.
What did you want to create.
Remember to keep the scope quite limited so that you've got a chance of actually learning and doing
this.
So go ahead and do a very limited scope project.
I'd love to see what you come up with.
Do share it in the community site.
We'd love to see any products you do make a little video of the game play to tantalize people and share
it in the community website.
I'd love to see that just repeating myself.
But I really really would.
And you'll notice that there are a few topics we don't cover in this course most notably so far we do
not cover dedicated server.
And the reason for this is that most of the techniques that you've already learnt are exactly the same
in a dedicated server is just that.
Either the dedicated server is running with a player on it or it's not.
So there's very little difference there's only stuff around hosting and that's not really within the
remit of this course.
But if a lot of people want to hear about dedicated server then we may add that in later.
But just say if you wanna hear about it or say if there's anything else that you rather hear about that
we haven't covered and just mention it in the comments for this video but otherwise I would look forward
to seeing what you create.